docs: login with phone scenario (#4950)
zitadel/zitadel: docs/docs/guides/solution-scenarios/configurations.mdx

![Login Policy Advanced Setting: Disable email for login](/img/guides/scenarios/login_policy_advanced.png)

## Use phone number to login

There are two different possibilities to achieve login with a phone number.

1. Use a phone number as username
2. Use the phone number field of the user as additional login to the username

![Domain Policy: Organization domain as suffix](/img/guides/scenarios/domain_policy_org_domain_disabled.png)

### Use a phone number as username

To be able to use the phone number as username you have to disable the attribute "User Loginname must contain orgdomain" on your domain settings.

> This means that all your users will not be suffixed with the domain of your organization and you can enter the phone number as username.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that your users will not be suffixed with the domain of an organization and you can enter the phone number as username.
```

All usernames will then be globally unique within your instance.

You can either set this attribute on your whole ZITADEL instance or just on some specific organizations.

### Use the phone number field of the user as additional login to the username

> No matter how the username of your user does look like.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No matter how the username of your user looks like, 
```

> You can additionally allow login with the phone number attribute of the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can additionally allow login with the phone number attribute of the user.
```

> You can find this in the "Login Behaviour and Security" Setting of your instance or organizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable this feature in the "Login Behavior and Security" Setting of your instance or organizations.
```
